---
hide_sidebar: true
---

## Label Studio Enterprise 2.10.0

<div class="onprem-highlight">Granular API-level control over annotation history, UI enhancements for performance and user experience, security updates, bug fixes</div>

*Feb 13, 2024*

Helm chart version:  1.4.0

### Enhancements

- More granular API-level controls: 

    - Implemented datetime filtering to the per-project annotation history API to support analytics queries and reporting.  Now you can filter [`/api/projects/{id}/annotation-history`](https://app.heartex.com/docs/api/#tag/Annotation-History/operation/api_projects_annotation-history_list) by `created_at_from` and `created_at_to`.

- Made several updates to the UI to improve performance and user experience, including:

    - Better formatting for longer text strings when using the grid view in the Data Manager.

    - The Projects page is now limited to 12 projects per page, improving load time performance..

    - Added a confirmation message after deleting a user.


### Security

- Implemented comprehensive HTML sanitization to safeguard against vulnerabilities and ensure a secure user experience.

- This release includes several measures to increase SSRF protection, which address [`CVE-2023-47116`](https://github.com/HumanSignal/label-studio/security/advisories/GHSA-p59w-9gqw-wj8r):
    - When `SSRF_PROTECTION_ENABLED` is set to `true` (note that it defaults to `false`), our new default is to ban [all IPs within reserved blocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reserved_IP_addresses), for both IPv4 and IPv6.
    - We are introducing two new environment variables, to be used in conjunction with `SSRF_PROTECTION_ENABLED=true`:
        - `USER_ADDITIONAL_BANNED_SUBNETS` — Use this to specify additional IP addresses or CIDR blocks to ban from server-side requests (e.g. the URL-based file uploader).
        - `USE_DEFAULT_BANNED_SUBNETS` — This is set to `True` by default. If you would like to have full control over banned subnets, you can set this to `False` and use `USER_ADDITIONAL_BANNED_SUBNETS` to specify all the IP addresses/CIDR blocks you’d like to disallow instead.
    - We have also improved our error messages to make it clearer when an action is being blocked due to SSRF protections.


### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue with the Number tag in which the `max`  constraint was not working.

- Fixed an issue with the Number tag where `toName`  was not validated.

- Fixed an issue in which users were seeing an error when switching from task details to settings while working with a video annotation.

- Fixed an issue where comments that were entered but not submitted were preserved even when navigating between annotations. This could lead to users accidentally submitting comments they did not want to save.

- Fixed several issues where the refresh action was disabled depending on the selections that users would make when filtering for date and time ranges in the project dashboard.

- Fixed an issue where users were not shown a confirmation message after clicking **Submit and exit** in the label stream.

- Fixed an issue where Label Studio crashed when configuring multiple hotkeys using the `hotkey=","` format.

- Fixed an issue where annotation drafts were not saving when switching to view all mode.

- Fixed an issue where users would encounter an error when using the **Storage filename** filter in the Data Manager.

- Fixed an issue where relations were not displayed if they were added by a user while reviewing a task.

- Fixed an issue where the **Comments** tab was disappearing when users resized their screen.

- Fixed an issue where drop-downs were occasionally displaying offset from their triggering element.

- Fixed an issue where, if a user attempted to de-select a region by clicking outside of it, they would create a new region instead.

- Fixed a small styling issue in the **Delete Member** modal title.

- Fixed an issue where users could not use the Magic Wand tool with image preloading enabled.

- Fixed an issue with duplicate default hotkeys when working with multi-image segmentation.

- Fixed an issue where the Organization page roles filter would briefly display an incorrect number.

- Fixed an issue where deactivated users were not listed in Members pages.

- Fixed an issue where the **Review** button counter was not displaying the correct count in certain scenarios.

- Fixed an issue where the Data Manager was not displaying `false`  or `0`  values as expected.

- Fixed an issue where, when assigning tasks in bulk, 1 out of ~150 tasks would be left unassigned.

- Fixed an issue where, if a user was a member of multiple organizations, they would not see a confirmation message after saving an annotation draft.

- Fixed a regression issue in which regions text was not displayed properly in regions list.

- Fixed an issue where invite signup links were missing `http` validation.

