---
hide_sidebar: true
---

*Apr 09, 2024*

## Label Studio Enterprise 2.11.0
Helm Chart version: 1.4.2

### New features

#### Project-level roles

You can now assign the Reviewer or Annotator role to users on a per-project basis. This will help simplify team management and allow more flexibility for project managers within your organization to meet the needs of each project.  

This feature was previously only available to organizations who had enabled SCIM for their user management. Now, project-level roles can be assigned as part of the project membership settings, and is applicable to any user who has the Annotator or Reviewer role at the organization level. For example, a user can be an Annotator at the organization level, but have the Reviewer role for a specific project. Similarly, a user with the Reviewer role at the organization level can be assigned as an Annotator to different projects as needed. 

For more information, see [Project-level roles](https://docs.humansignal.com/guide/project_settings_lse#Project-level-roles).

#### Machine learning backend improvements

This release streamlines the way ML backends are connected to Label Studio and managed. These changes include:

- When adding a new ML backend, you will now have the option to include basic authentication.
- You can also specify additional parameters to pass to the model.
- With the ability to specify additional parameters, you can now easily connect to Azure-hosted OpenAI.
- The project settings have been simplified, including:
    - A new **Predictions** section under the **Annotation** page of the project settings makes it easier to select whether you want to use predictions or a model in your annotation workflow.
    - A new **Predictions** page, where you can easily upload and manage predictions.
    - Removed obsolete settings that are no longer compatible (for example, auto-updating version).
- There are also several new [example ML backends](https://github.com/HumanSignal/label-studio-ml-backend/tree/master), including an interactive LLM example.

For more information, see [Integrate Label Studio into your machine learning pipeline](https://docs.humansignal.com/guide/ml).

### Enhancements

- Added support for `X-Api-Key: <token>` as an alternative to `Authentication: Token <token>`. This will make it easier to use API keys when integrating with cloud-based services. 
- Small UI improvement to make it clearer which project members are included in the project by default.
- There is now a license setting in place that can control access to the Cloud Storage page for users with the Manager role. If you would like to enable this setting, [open a support ticket](https://support.humansignal.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).
- Several enhancements for organizations with SCIM enabled, including:
    - More detailed error messages.
    - Allow workspace and role mappings to support multiple SCIM groups.

### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where Google Cloud Logging was not working due to a missing dependency.
- Fixed an issue where `/api/version` was not reporting all updates.
- Fixed an issue where, after revoking an invite to users who are already in projects, the project failed to load.


